All right, my friends, in this video, we're going to take care of our last listener inside of the
ticket service.
So the order service at some point in time is going to emit the order canceled event as soon as the
ticket service sees that.
That is a sign to say that a given ticket is no longer reserved.
So we're going to want to find a ticket inside of our tickets collection and remove the order ID property
and say, hey, no longer is this ticket reserved.
We can now make changes to it.
Once again, putting this listener together is going to be pretty easy and straightforward.
It's going to be just about a total clone of the listener we just wrote, so let's get to it right away.
Okay.
So back inside my ticket service, I'll find the listeners directory and inside there I'll make a new
file of order cancelled listener ts.
Then at the very top, once again, we will get our listener.
Base class.
And our order.
Cancelled event.
From our common module.
I'll then export a class of order canceled listener and that's going to be extending the listener base
class.
And the generic type is going to be order canceled.
Listener.
Nope.
Not ordered cancel listener ordered canceled event.
These terms really blend together at a certain point in time.
That is why TypeScript is so fantastic here.
It helps us catch those silly little typos.
All right.
So once again, TypeScript can tell us.
Got to define on message.
Q Group name and subject.
Let's take care of subject first.
We'll get our subjects in from the common module.
Our subject that we're going to listen for is the order or subjects order cancelled and we'll assign
an actual value of subjects.
Order cancelled.
Next up is our cue group name.
Remember, we have the separate file for that.
So we will import.
Q Group name at the top from.
Q Group name.
And then sign.
Q Group name is.
Q Group name.
And then finally our async on message function that is going to take some data argument that is of type
order cancelled event at data.
And some message as well.
And the message is coming from the node net streaming library.
So let's import that type at the very top.
Okay.
So inside of your, as I mentioned, just about identical logic to the listener we just put together
of order, create the listener.
We want to once again find a ticket.
If we can't find the ticket, throw an error, or then going to unset the order ID property, save the
ticket, publish an event saying that a ticket has been updated, act the message and that's it.
There should be pretty straightforward.
In order to find the ticket itself, we are going to import ticket.
From up to directories.
Models ticket.
Then down inside of on message, we'll make a new variable of ticket and that will come from a wait
ticket dot.
And how are we going to actually find the ticket right here?
Remember in the past, it's been a really easy time finding all the relevant tickets because we could
use find, buy I.D. or something similar.
But we need to just keep in mind what information we actually have access to inside of this event.
So to get a reminder of what information we have access to, we'll do a command click on order canceled
event and that will tell us that we've got access to the order's ID, we've got access to the order's
version, and we've also got access to the ID of the ticket that this order had reserved.
That's how we can find the ticket inside of our tickets collection.
We'll reference data ticket ID.
So back over here.
We're going to run a ticket, find buy ID, data dot ticket ID.
That should find us the relevant ticket.
Okay.
So then after that.
We'll say that if we fail to find this ticket.
So if there is no ticket, then once again, let's throw a new air.
And we'll just say something like, I don't know.
They get not found.
Simple enough.
Then after that, we will make our update.
We'll do a ticketed set of the order ID property and we want to clear this out.
We want to say ticket not reserved anymore, so we're going to change it back over to undefined.
We could potentially also put in null right here.
But you might recall that there are a couple of locations where we are doing kind of an existence check
with TypeScript by using a question mark or an if statement or something similar.
That optional value, optional values with TypeScript don't work terribly well with null.
And so instead we are just going to simply use undefined.
Well, then do in a wait ticket, not save.
After that, we will then publish an event saying that this ticket has been updated.
So back up at the top.
I'll once again get my ticket updated.
Publisher.
From up one directory publishers ticket updated publisher.
Then right after the save, we'll do and wait.
New ticket updated.
Publisher.
I'll pass in this client.
We've been over that quite a bit now.
We'll publish an event and once again, we're going to throw in a whole bunch of information from the
ticket itself.
So in total, the ID of the ticket.
The New Order.
I'd take care of that right away.
That'll be a ticket.
Order ID.
What else?
We got our user ID.
Our price.
Our title.
And is that it?
I feel like I'm missing one property on this thing.
What is it?
Version.
There we go.
Here we go.
Very good.
And then finally at the bottom, a message like so.
Yes.
That should be it.
Well, this listener came together rather quickly.
And as I mentioned many times, once we do something one time in the course, hopefully all following
times get a little bit faster.
So we should probably write out a quick test or two just to make sure that this thing works.
I know testing these listeners has been pretty darn repetitive.
It's really just the same thing again and again.
But we've also seen several times where those tests help us catch a lot of different errors as well,
specifically a lot of errors coming from TypeScript and whatnot, but nonetheless, it helps help us
catch those.
So even though I know the tests are a little bit tedious, I really do think they are absolutely worth
it.
They also help us capture and test out some kind of corner cases as well.
So we'll do a quick pause right here.
Come back next video and we're going to write out lightning quick.
A quick test around this listener.